A "design document" for your project in the form of a Markdown file called DESIGN.md that discusses, technically, how you implemented your project and why you made the design decisions you did. Your design document should be at least several paragraphs in length. Whereas your documentation is meant to be a user’s manual, consider your design document your opportunity to give the staff a technical tour of your project underneath its hood.

My project is mostly coded using Python and HTML, but some of the main parts of its implementation rely on command line programs and the YouTube API. Once the program begins running, the user is directed to the web page sketched out by index.html. The page itself is simple and its primary role is to allow the user to input which public YouTube playlist (by URL) they want downloaded, what type of files they want in the ensuing download, and precisely which videos in the playlist they want to download. Most of the code is contained in app.py, which reads the user input (using a POST request that is sent when the HTML form is submitted) and extracts the playlist ID from the given URL. Then, the code sends a GET request to the YouTube API, receiving a JSON file containing the list of videos in that particular playlist. Since YouTube's API shows the results of the GET request five at a time, using multiple pages, I decided to check each page for the "nextPage" element in the returned JSON file because only the last page of video results has no such element, only a "previousPage" one, looping through all the pages until the "nextPage" element disappeared.

The python code also reads the user input regarding download format and starting/ending video numbers, and stores them into variables ready to be accessed in the process of calling the command line program responsible for the actual extraction of content from the YouTube site. For each page of JSON results returned by the GET reuqest, I loop through the data and, using the python library subprocess, send a request to the terminal for that particular video (the unique url for each video in the playlist isn't returned by YouTube, so I extracted the video IDs and generated urls based on that). The files that are downloaded go directly into the current directory.
