# cs50-final

To use my program, download all the files submitted, then open up the command line. Using the command line, download Python 2.7, pip (if not already downloaded with Python), Flask (pip install Flask), Homebrew (/usr/bin/ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"), ffmpeg (brew install ffmpeg), wget (brew install wget), lame (brew install lame), youtube-dl (brew install youtube-dl) and libav (brew install libav). After all of these have been downloaded, use the "cd" command to navigate to the directory where the source code is located. The instructions on how to download the various command line programs are for OS X, but they can be easily adapted for Windows computers.

Still in that directory, type "python app.py" to run the program, then navigate to "http://localhost:8090/," where the program will be running. To use the app, enter the URL of a *public* YouTube playlist into the first text field and select whether you would like the downloaded files to be MP3 files or MP4 files. To download all videos in the playlist, leave the next two fields blank. However, to download only a subset of the playlist's videos, enter the desired starting video number and finishing number (e.g. to download videos 2 through 5 of a certain playlist, enter 2 in the "Starting Video" blank and 5 in the "Ending Video" blank). Click "Submit" to begin the downloads (note that the new MP3 or MP4 files will be downloaded into the same directory where the original source code is found.
